You can kill that projector. Okay. So what do you want to build? Yeah, let me let me get back because I think we were talking about, you know, last time. I mean, if that's what everybody's still on to. Is that like Roger thing? Well, yeah, so so my idea is like, okay. Like we've talked about it several times, right, where if we all have different projects, obviously, right? And we have different contacts that are associated with that project, all the different documents and whatnot. Yeah, as we keep them wherever, right? I'd like to just create some sort of process where we can either either at, you know, the beginning or even at the end. So we could read, you know, reexamine projects that we ran in the past where we can go, okay, what was this project, right? You know, where we have our title, the project, maybe it was, I want to say, hey, this was Roku, big side Bluetooth, right? Well, what did we do, right? Okay, who did we work with? So we can go through, we write a brief description of, you know, here it is. Who are our main contacts? Great. What are their emails? What are their positions? What, what not? So we can get, get that data. Like who worked on it internally? We could even track that if we wanted to. Like I don't think it needs to be like deep down, but so we have all this. We can keep going through the data. We could know like we, we could get super granular into like, like, it depending if people wanted, right? The like certain pricing outlines, because you know, sometimes that's something we might want to review on our project. But I think what's important is, you know, basically we can write a tag, like we can, we can write a description of what we did. And then we can just add tags to it, right? Maybe like I was saying, hey, this is Bluetooth. Maybe, or, or maybe it's Bluetooth interoper. Maybe it was, you know, hey, we were working on battery systems here. This was house testing, right? And we can end up tagging it. And it basically just creates this. And once we're done with all this, it can be thrown into whatever file format. And when in my example that I did, like real that I threw together, like I was just throwing it all into like a json or something, whatever file format structure. So that like we can eventually take this data and then pump it into whatever database we want that we can then search it. And maybe we can, you know, we can, maybe we make this smart and it can like link to our contacts on Monday or whatever. But the idea is I would like to take to make it so like, as we move forward, like it is part of our, I guess, process. We have no processes, right? I don't like a process of, hey, we started a project. Right. I'm going to go here, type this in. Let's write out what we're doing, right? And then, you know, we should be able to like, if we need to delete it, if something never happened or like take an existing project and maybe like, okay, well, hey, we edited over time. Like, hey, this is, this is actually like, hey, we updated this because we started around two of this effort where we did something different, right? Like, it's just a way that we can then go back and then we can leverage the, I guess, data of what we've done. I feel like there's so many ways we could leverage that. But right now, like our knowledge of what we've done collectively as a company, it lives within your head, it lives within my head, it lives within your head, right? And then we end up scrambling whenever we need to throw things together. And maybe like, it doesn't need to, like, ideally what I like to see is like, maybe we have all of our projects, eventually, like, organize somewhat. Where then if we need to like, well, this kind of goes, I mean, I'm picking up what you put down and this also goes back to what a little bit what I was talking about a lot of like, what they have in Tories stuff. If we start building out stuff and a relational database framework, then we can just scale it, right? And it can be, it can be like this, this stuff. And then we can be like, we can even feel like as we active, we can link the resources, we can link the tools, we can link the inventory to be like what inventory was applied to this product. But if we basically start with a against thing, just make like a sort of project, you know, input framework database, the W's of this project, right? Who wears wins, wins, wins, and has. Yeah. And then, yeah, and then make like an input portal that everybody can access. And then it just gets stored and like some relational back end that's like searchable. So, so my whole idea, and this is where I like I want to take the right steps toward it is. Right now I know everybody has their project files. Wherever it might be in your one drive, it might be up on SharePoint. It might be on your certification drive that you keep offline or what what not. And so, like that's why I was saying like if we create something that just create, okay, so like we have the ability of like, okay, go through your own files and organize them and whatnot and then just be able to create like, hey, this is the core data set, right? And then maybe like we could then take that historical data and like create programs or whatever that push it to this database. And then we could then build the database from there. Or maybe within the database, like you're saying, if it's relational, you can link to wherever the actual data files are. Like, I think that would be useful in so many ways. And I just I could just kind of go back to like, you know, if someone gets like hit by us, right? And we have to like take over and look at people's files right now. What we're doing is like literally we have to go to like IT and like, okay, well, I need to go look at what you're doing. And I'm just thinking of like all sorts of things. You're like one piece of this that comes up a lot for me. And I think other people is that like when you're creating a test plan and you're like, hey, Aaron, what did you do? Exactly. It would be nice to have a piece of this be a centralized, you know, file repository that has everything with, you know, tag and stuff. And so you can see like, oh, what did we do? Like variables filter final or wearable test plan. Exactly. So what I'm saying is like part of part of this bill out is when you are going through things. Like this, this file, this program that I kind of created for myself, I didn't think I'd demoted through you guys. I think I showed it briefly to you. But like, I literally like one of the things that we do is create folders of like, like setup documents or like test plan data and like shared files or whatever. And my idea was like, okay, well, this program has a brand and moved like locally, it would just move files into these folders. And so then I had it like organizer, whatever. So being able to, that's exactly what it like that the whole idea of test plan is like again, like, hey, we searched up. You know, this, I don't know, whatever company we were working on for, let's say it was those batter, batter, like they're like going through their battery charging stuff, right? Like, under whenever we go through, it's organizing like files and then we could do immediately go, okay, like when we're setting up is like, hey, do you have a test plan for this? Like what was your test plan? It might not be like the ones like, hey, this is curated for something that we're going to share to somebody. Like that whole idea that we have that standard test plan that we can share, like that's. Yeah, yeah, yes, we should have that sort of thing, but it's it's very like that's that's a different kind of conversation. Well, okay, so speaking of test plans, this is just an idea. So we're doing a project for PCIe right now is basically like the document creation portal. So they have like for their spec. It's broken out into all these tiny little repos and that people have access to like underside access to and they can go in and like edit stuff and change figures and everything. And then when they want to like put the spec together, like we wrote the framework that like pulls. Basically all that you can like write a config file basically and pull like the right versions of pieces into a document and then you can like apply whatever watermarking and all that's all on there. So we could have like a repository of all these sort of like different versions or different bits of test plans. And as long as everybody like kind of understands what that structure is, you can get in and be like, you know. I need this test plan and I need this, you know, well, that's it. And maybe we could use the robot to make it a little bit smarter and more intuitive, right? Like, that's cool. That's what I thought is the other, like, I mean, that's kind of almost like it's separate sort of thing, but like, it's, um, I think it's like separate. You keep telling other people that there's stuff that's separate. It's only separate because you're drawing some sort of delineation. I like the database idea more where you just have that project database that you talked about and the way we create a new project. We add our SW's. You have different input like how much in there? Just just get the usual view. And then you set on a side of the inventory to use what, and then you're required requirement to upload your spreadsheet. And then we just have a way to search like, hey, well, we're all the ILP spreadsheets that use blue to. And then all those blue to spreadsheets come up. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Yeah, it doesn't have to be one or one of the other. And maybe we could get to something like this down the road or whatever. But I just, I thought, I thought what you were talking about, right? Is like, let's take like our Wi-Fi client test plan, right? And the last thing I was talking about was just that, like, we could have like, basically, you know, like, talk as test plan and test plan and like, break it up, figure out a clean way to break it up. And then being able to put them together and then being able to like, like, yeah, put them together. Yeah, no, that's, I mean, but I'm saying, but, but, the inputs, which was just talking about like the database and stuff like, like, there's things can be integrated, like, down the road. They don't necessarily have to be like, mutually exclusive. It's just where we're going to start in most of this project. Yeah, I think the other piece of somewhat unclear on is, do we think that the current inventory database is sufficient? Or are we also thinking the inventory database needs to be changed? Inventory database definitely needs to be changed. I think we could just start with this because it's smaller, right? So, or so my thing, my biggest thing I know, never we talk about, I think we, I think we just need to pick a pain point and, and solve it and try, when we're solving it, try not to pay ourselves into a corner so that we can just like, add on new, new fixes. So if the pain point is, is just sort of project tracking and what kind of management and sort of creating like a holistic, you know, framework or database or whatever, just to keep like project info, like I said, like put the, to put the W's into. And then we build that out. But then if we build that out in a way that allows us to basically tack on, an updated inventory system. So then, because the inventory is one of the W's, so then we're able to like, link the people that worked on the project to, to their interfacing with the, basically traceability with how they interface with the inventory system and automatically track all of that. And then we could potentially like, tack on the, the test plan database and just kind of make this. But if we, if we're doing it in like kind of a relational framework, like adding these things into it should be like fairly easy, because then it's just all the like the relational equations are the, are the bread and butter. Yep. Right. Yeah. So the things that would be in it would be, like client company, client contact information, the statement of work, details, the test plans and any test reports that came from it. Who worked on it here, maybe even where they worked on it, at least have the ability to say what lab or whatever. And then, and then ultimately what inventory, right? Those are the, we have all of that tracked in a relational way so that if you said, show me everything that's used this one Bluetooth device and it will show you all the projects are show me every meta project we've done or show me the project that Bob worked on, whatever that combination of things are. Like that's what I'm envisioning you pull out of it, right? Yeah. So that, yeah. What is that combined with your guide? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, there might be something I forgot about in there. I'd enough to try to look at like when I first took a look at this, like what sort of things I was thinking about, but, yeah, dates, contracts, you know, just as far as physical files, like I think just being able to attach files sometimes is the, is the shorter path, but from a data standpoint, I think understanding that at minimal, minimum company contacts. and I guess project name. Just load test on it. And then you can add tags like Bluetooth IOP, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Exactly, exactly. And I'm not sure what we do as far as the tags, making sure, like, you know, or when we search for them, like, you know, we don't have like, you know, Bluetooth. If I just write Bluetooth, right? I got a fine Bluetooth IOP or, right. And I think are we writing IOP, IOT? That's what I'm just not the best. Right. It's about the database right there too. We can it can be a little trial and error because it's just an out of editing the equation. Yeah, right there now, right? So, so I think that's that's useful because then it gives us this, like, okay, we know exactly who we've done this for within, like, because I think about like, I take a company like SONUS, right? And or even Boats. I have done so many projects for them and I have like, 25 different contacts and it's sometimes hard to go with, like, I have to go through my email really to figure out like, okay, what did we do? And but even knowing like, historically, like, okay, we did this or that. But I think what's important, as well as just being able to go back and edit some of those, like, some of those entries, like even after we've done it, right? Like, just to maybe add more context that maybe, hey, I forgot to put this in before or whatever. I think that's a good, good environment. But, yeah, is there anything I guess, any of you guys think of anything that like, we should be capturing? Like, I guess if we were going to do input, should we put like, maybe even like, project management, like, comments like, hey, you know, this project, we quoted them this, but it ran a little bit long, right? And maybe that, we could just start with kind of more of a bare bones thing of like, what are the, you know, the P1s and P0s that we need for this? And then we can, was that and stuff? Well, I think adding a comment section for it easy to do. I don't know. But, yeah. Yeah. What, I mean, none of this sounds very difficult to me, but I think I'm overly optimistic about what a coding tools can do. What, when you think about why this hasn't been done before, what's the hard part? What is the thing that's kept track of doing? I guess process. We don't have, like, we just were like, great. Company wants to work with us. Let's go. That's what we do. Right? Like, and, you know, and the thing is, we fell together. That's fine. And, but it's more of like, I think to me, like, when we, you know, ever since we started leaning into AI, right? Like, we're thinking about like, well, what can this do for our company? And the possibilities are endless, right? But I think for it to action, like, we have to be able to give it good input. And right now, our input is, like, if we think of our data, that's our input, right? And it's just kind of ever, right? Again, I'm kind of leaning back. It's in Swarch's speeds. Yeah. Right? This all sort of, tell us into what we're just talking about in kitchen. Yeah. We're all for, as long as I think any of us can remember, we're all just running as you can. Yeah. So it's, you know, I know, I don't want to speak for everybody, but I don't necessarily like take the time to like, breathe and organize all my projects as they actually should be, because it's just jumping from one fire to the other. Yeah. I'm trying to keep the wheels on the bus. And so if we can create a tool that we can all use and put all of our stuff in a central place that has, like, as for new barriers to, to enter it as, as possible. Yeah. That would help like alleviate kind of the end points. They don't go with sales too, because we have all our contacts there when we've had loads, first and in charge. And we have examples to send people all right there. Yeah. And when the inventory side of things, the reason why it hasn't been done before is because there needs to be some amount of going through, you know, the bad data. You know, that is populated in our current inventory and doing some refactoring of that to get it to a point where, you know, you're not feeding in the crappy data. That's been a stepping stone a little bit on the inventory side. Yeah. But I mean, like, to give you an idea of what maybe a year, year and a half to years ago, we were all in here and literally, we had a meeting where we just brainstormed about all the stuff that we have done for companies before. And we just had it in a work doc, and it was for like, you know, putting stuff together. Like, if we had this already, like, I mean, it would have been. kind of a simpler like, hey, let's just export. Yeah, right. So this is just sort of adding a framework, right, around what we do and then what we then do with this date. Like step one, get the data. What we do step two, I mean, let's figure it out, right? There's a couple different ways that we can go with it, right? Yeah. And so I think this just sort of, but I want to be clear on what step two is. The idea of mega database, like that, I'll be done with that before noon. Then what are we going to do with it? Like let's actually talk about what to expect out for this. So I think these to take natural language in, in case we don't have documents, so that if we have some stuff that we're uploading, we also want to be able to talk about it. Maybe there's a, maybe there's a post mortem at the end of a project that we all sit around and talk about some of the key learnings of the project. That all gets loaded in. Some sort of natural language, searching capabilities so we can go in and say, like show me the IoT Bluetooth stuff, and it's smart enough to figure out how to actually pull out the IoT Bluetooth stuff. It sounds like one of the ideas is to be able to pull out some combination of test plans and maybe even make a new test plan to your point about sales, something that says, you know, here's some example projects that are like what we're being asked. Like show me, give me a, give me a one-pageer on some mentioned wearable stuff we've done in the last two years. So we're giving me a PowerPoint on all the Bluetooth testing we've ever done or things like that, right? Like, yeah, what else do you want this thing to do? I mean, just that right there. That sounded amazing. I mean, because what, you were asking me, sparks like last week maybe about like, hey, what did we do with roaming, right? There was a roaming request, right? Yeah, this is always what comes up for me. It's like, hey, what did we do around this? You know, that my client wants right now. I mean, that's, that's insane. We come up for all of us. Yeah, that's the biggest thing is we're all like pinging each other like, who's done what when? And I mean, we're just fine. I love talking to you guys, but like, you know, I wouldn't be also it's be able to enable, you know, everyone to, I don't think we necessarily even needed to create a one-pager based on what it's sift through. We just needed to populate. If I want Bluetooth VIP, I want 10 or 20 spreadsheets from the last two years to show up. And then maybe there's an option, hey, create a one-pager based on that. If I want. But I think the most important is have these 10 or 15 projects pop up, populate. I can click their own, figure out what I want. Yeah, like this is not normal on that. So what's even interesting is just you, even having access, I mean, to data. I know you have shared, like, I know you're, again, I'm going down believe to talking about what we took for some, like, your test plan sometimes. It looks a lot different than my test plan, right? Like, we have never sat down on and talked about like, hey, this is what we do, right? Yeah. And versus like, maybe like something, like what you do, great. They're all mostly the same things, but like some of you really do compare different projects. Yeah, yeah. And we, again, to go back to the Eric's point, we're just, we're going, we're going live, right? And so like, you know, sometimes we'll lean into each other and if we know someone worked like on that sort of thing, but like there, this goes back to the test cases. Yeah, a lot of times we're kind of reinventing the wheel. I mean, you know, I mean, this goes on to like some very standard stuff like you think, like, I know we all work off of like, different like quoting, like, if you're going to quote somebody, like, it looks different than when I quit some, right? And so it's just like, again, it's whatever is the business on, right? Yeah. But if they were the central thing, you know, you could, yeah, it's like that idea too, where it's like, even before we start a project, having a way to track projects at various stages, like the quoting process, where we've run into obstacles, maybe with certain companies and what they expect to see from us, or W's like the, what we were just working on, I'm sure it looks different than what somebody might do for Amazon or whatever, you know, all those expectations that they're happening. And then to your point, like if we have like, like MSAs and stuff in a place and we're like, even we build kind of quote and kind of do, but it's, well, but they're again, we kind of do, right? Yeah, you're that's fair point, right? Yeah. Yeah. But it's like, you know, but again, it's like, I have to figure out who uses, you know, Chad's Amazon and MSA is different, so much Josh's Amazon's MSA is and then I get involved with a client, I've got to figure out like, how, you know, it's always like, how do I build this? Like, you know, trying to talk to somebody and find the right person to figure out how to format my product. And so for a historical plan. And if that, if you could just pull up three of the past meta, SOW. Yeah, yeah, you know, if they're just like an easy button, you know, and again, it's like, how do we make that? How do we limit the barriers to entry to even like, using something like that? So it's not. standardize is because even when we tried to standardize, like, like I'm thinking back of like dating back to like using like, uh, Salesforce rate for like, hey, we've got everything. Yeah, we all did. We all did. And so like we ended up having like five different companies of the same company or whatever and we're trying to find and like, I found out like, oh, webred in Mufflood, the, this MSA. So we like right now, going through like my like for Microsoft, we have no MSA because it's just, it's lost to time totally, totally. And I needed for the security audit, but it's a, I just tell them it's same last year. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, Corey, Corey wanted me to pull up my, uh, contract with Intel and like the last written contract I have is 2018. Yeah. Yeah. Well, no, we still have stuff that's literally underwent Alliann. Right. Right. So like anyway, it's, um, so if we to go to go to Eric's point, if we create something that just kind of forced this people to put their stuff in one place, yeah, better or worse, like it's, it's a benefit. Well, and I think this is where, from my perspective, I think this is where SharePoint really suffers is the, if you felt like you're getting value out of it, you'd be more likely to use it kind of thing. You know what I mean? Like, even just organizing SharePoint feels like such. Yeah. Like so many clicks. Yeah. So I still is get something. And then, and then are you in the right folder? It's like just because you found a click and somebody else might have clicked somewhere else. Yeah. Kind of a two different folders, one with Microsoft with the capital S and one without. And the thing is I, it also right now, like let's say I had, I started new project with, I don't know, widget coming to me, right? I'll tell you right now, it's probably not the first thing in front of my mind. Hey, I need to go put all this like that, that, you know, NDA just signed, right? You need to go put that on. But if I am creating a project, right? For organization thing, and it automatically happens. Yeah. It's going to happen. So I think there's value there, like I said, but as far as, you know, talking about what our actionable next steps are, like, once we get that database, I think it's the things of like we've, guys, talked about just read out, like being able to search and find people's, like, example test plans. Now, I'm not sure if there are security problems there. I'm going to say maybe one of the first, the very first step one is like a back end and then UI. Right. Like, because honestly, I think that's like the biggest barrier to entry for, for me, at least, I don't want to speak for everybody is just like, because if it's like too many, too many clicks, and you know, not to like think too hard about it, I'm just going to like keep doing my same bullshit. Yep. Yep. You know, sometimes, you know, that's just like, I agree. Like if, even before we get into like, searchability and all the nice features and stuff, like, you know, if it takes too long to like enter a project and upload stuff, if that's not smooth and easy, then I'm not, might as well be a show point. Yeah. I agree. It's easy. So I think that's probably just like beginning to beginning. Let's let's be able to like store some shit and then like start roughing out, at least like a UI and we can iterate on it. But if it's like, you know, I got to where you can enter a project, you know, upload some information about some files and maybe pick three or four things that we can start like entering in through the UI and then figure out how to do that. Like, and with his few clicks as well. So one of the things I would like to see as well is when we're entering all this in and we're entering in like the our contacts, right? I want to make sure that that links to Monday where it can go, hey, like, I don't know what that looks like, but it can go, I have this contact, right? So let me just put on work like under that contact. If you go in and click, it's like you worked on this, this, this, this, this, this, with them. And if that contact doesn't exist, new contact, right? Just again, it saves us that extra. Well, and I, yeah, and ultimately to do that without ever having to actually load Monday would be a good idea because that is not my favorite activity. No, I don't know if this like makes sense for this project or if it's a good idea or even how to do it really. But like most big companies and the one that I, you know, have heard you into is meta. They, so they have this whole system basically where like Chrome is like when you launch Chrome, it launches into like their internet tools stuff. And in the search bar, if you type in a command, it'll like run the command in there, whatever framework for whatever you want to do. If you want to access the company, company, wiki stuff, you know, you can just type a little thing. and it brings you to the Wiki and does all this stuff. So I don't know if we want to build out something like that, where it's some sort of integration into... I'm first getting those. Yeah, like a... Google, like a Novus... Novus OS? And Novus, yeah, Novus browser hub thing that has... Yeah, that's like some corporate... Google did this. It was like, go slash and then you search something and it'll take you to that age or... It's pretty cool. I mean, it's pretty cool, but... Obviously, it has to be out there. That work or something like that. Yeah. I can like... I didn't bring my... My... Not a system, but... I mean, it'd be a cool thing. Obviously, if you had shortcuts to do whatever you want, I mean, I think this just kind of goes into like a usability thing. Yeah, just kind of like how... How do you add shortcuts? Things created, because I mean, we can do that, but we... Go to like a wiki, we have to have wiki. Well, no, I'm just saying like... Like the wiki is just an example. When I'm just saying like to... For how... What is the easiest way to... Like Erick's getting at it, you know, minimize clicks and all that stuff, but what is the easiest way to like get to this thing? You know, so it's not like... I don't know... I don't know. Yeah. It's not like the inventory database where you have to like... Go to this site and log in and you know, do all this stuff. They're kind of get to it, I guess? I don't know. Maybe it's just something that's like front and center for... For the logins, I would definitely want it to be Active Directory. It's way easier, your automatic authenticated off-to-f-around with like trying to remember two different passwords. It would also give us the... Nevermind, sorry. Yeah, but I don't know. It's just just a thought I was thinking of there's some way we... Erick made sense that we can have some sort of like novice hub... browser thing that plugs in everything, I don't know. I think if there's a way... If there's a way also, I keep... I think understanding what we can get from Monday and our integration. So we could understand like... Ideally, you know, we have this thing and maybe we can end up sitting in, you know, some sort of AI on top of it, right? And so I'm just thinking about things like... That's what you were kind of getting at earlier when you were talking about... I want to day... Yeah. Running some... Yeah. Basically, I mean, more queries for like... Totally. I'm thinking about stuff. I'm thinking about stuff for like, you know, like when Shad needs to roll up a report or something. All right? Like, hey, just being able to take, you know, whatever accounting numbers from... Like, because maybe we... Maybe this also as it integrates, right? But Monday, maybe it's pulling in like... R and D, or this information. And, you know, so we could have that, you know, data available as well. So I mean, there's a lot of stuff there, which I'm not sure, like, how that would work, but it'd be cool eventually to get the functionality, right? Yeah, is there any step... Step one, back end and step two, you go ahead. That's kind of... Basic, basic, you know, SQL... What I don't doubt is SQL, but basic, like, relational database back end and like start to rough out the UI, because I've never did that. That's the... I mean, that's my two cents anyway. I'm like, where to start? Because if the, you know, the database framework can be tweaked if, you know, if the back end just set up right, because it's just relational equation. And then, so that can be easily scaled. And then, I think the more complicated, at least initial part for usability is just this can be like the front end. And then, once that's kind of like usable, for you're gonna like how to host it in terms of like if it's gonna be like browser plugin or, you know, web address, we can like fit or that part out. And we can even skip, move it around, you know, we can test it in different places. So, where do people fall on like, so like when I'm thinking about, you know, here we have this database that we can log into, right? Where's everybody falling on like we can think about it like, hey, I'm entering a new stuff. But like, where do you guys sit on trying to throw at like our old stuff importing things like. We're gonna figure that I think this, I mean, that's pressure. We're gonna need to do that. I don't know, I have no idea exactly how that's gonna, what that's gonna look like. As a starting point, I'd love to see two or three projects, you know, just as like a starting point that are different, right? one that uses an interrupt plan, maybe one that uses some sort of like performance or performance or blue-douth white-flow. Yeah, I meant one that's like a build project and just give me all the documents you have for those and then we could sort of verify that that will be able to be ingested. For me, the hard part doesn't feel like either the database or the UI, it feels like the actual ingesting of the data, getting the right value out of the data so that then if you go to search for later, it comes up when you expect it to. Yeah, but I also feel like if it's in the database, all of that stuff can be massaged. I mean, yeah, it's not going to be easy, but I guess my from where I say, I think the biggest hurdle is usability because it doesn't matter, you know what I mean? If it's like not usable, that's just where it's like, you know, like if the UI you like sucks and it's not any better than anything else, you know, if it's not any smoother than using SharePoint, a current inventory system running your last stuff, then it's pointless. Yeah, it doesn't matter like if it spits out the right data. If you have first hand, you know, going through that previously with test tools that like you have to fill up and we have and like maybe nobody uses our certain, certain people use certain tools, you know, stuff like that. So yeah, yeah, whether or not my concerns justified at the end of the day, that's, you know, I know personally, like, I'll just keep doing my same, the same bullshit that I'm doing. If this tool exists, that that's not like, so. Is there any other sort of feature or bother? Hey, look, we should tell. I just think of another thing. It would be cool and again, like not a priority, but if it could also link to Jura. What else would be if you're able to link like for any given project, go back to the Jura link to your client, your tasks or house loans or even, you know, their bucket. If we're going to be doing the document stuff, again, this is, you know, the link to. We could probably do it through the bucket, but there's like get lab. Just other like we put tools in. Yeah, I think it just kind of falls under where when we're adjusting and this is one of the challenges, right, where everybody's data might live in different spots. And sometimes it's not even hosted internally. Right. And so my, like when I say that, it might just be like, again, this is a good to have. Hey, where did we, I don't know, where did we upload these results, right? If it's just like a link that goes to wherever. But yeah, I think, you know, if we're going to be using agents or whatever, you know, if there's tools for like outlasts and tools or, you know, get lab tools and so like that. We get to know. Like understand a lot of stuff because and how I can be integrated because I can think things. Pretty cool. Yeah, yeah, where are we going to just go say price. Right, you know, it wasn't that important. I, Claire, is there anything that you, I don't think about that you haven't heard yet. Okay. So I'll transcribe the conversation and then turn it into the first chapter of product, requirements document and send it around. I'll send it to all operations that way people could be here, but they have thoughts. And then once we get that even to like a general thumbs up from everybody. I have a, I have a couple of tools now that I'm running on internal websites, not just on my laptop. Like that inner task project. Now I have a server that I'm hosting that on. So I might just throw another port open and host us on there. I haven't tried to get to those like a BTN based machine from here without being unblocked in the cage of this that I think any gay off to be. Okay. So then I should also be fine. I actually have server that's hosted it inside the network here. I mean, that that could also be, but I mean, I'm not sure like if Chad has these for any sort of intro company sort of thing. If this would just be no specific. or anyone, sorry. Yeah, I mean, I was talking to Ryan about this as a general statement across all of the vital enterprise companies, we are not, we're not an organization that has a lot of tool-based processes in place. Even Monday feels like outside of Nobis and Center, people are, you know, almost overwhelmed by the idea of maintaining Monday. Like, it's just not a, I don't see Salesforce anywhere. I don't see, I don't see any other sort of con-bon style task tracking tools. I don't know every detail about ETS works, but I haven't seen them advocating for such things. Now Lindsay's team, the software development team that she has, they use Bureau pretty extensively, so that's a notable exception. But, I think if this was working enough that it provided value, they might be interested in them, just again to track all the different projects that they've worked on. But I think of ETS as an example. At least for more ICID, it feels like ETS is just the same sort of chaotic, like just trying to keep up, can't necessarily create some sort of, you know, robust project history or Paul Minack or that sort of thing. So they keep some stuff in Causeway, but I think it's also just as sloppy as... In Causeway is old, I mean, you can feel it creaking when you log in, it's pretty rough. Totally. Yeah. They have me interfacing with Causeway for a few things. Yeah, yeah, it's funny. I think they use it in the absence of using something else, but I don't know that it's better than SharePoint, and I hate using SharePoint. So if we aren't better than that, we haven't achieved anything. Yeah. Okay. Well, as we know, I'm overly optimistic about what I can do with this, but we'll start with the PRD and we'll go from there. I'm sorry. Yeah. I'm out next Monday. But I will see if I can get at least some screenshots, even depending how fast we turn around on the PRD. I might just throw some stuff together just to start building something, knowing that we may have to throw it away anyway. Yeah, I think that would be fun. And so at least it gives us, like, I like that. I don't like that. Change this. You know, if we had something to look at, it might help a little bit. Yeah. I think as soon as we can start giving that stuff, I think that could just send it. Yeah. Okay. So I'll do that in parallel. I'll send a PRD around and I'll also try to just, yeah, just to make sure that it's having a robot, right? Going some stuff and it's not too much of your time. Yeah. We can do that in parallel. Totally. Yeah. Okay. Great. Awesome. Thanks everyone.